[ Music ]
>> Jackie Lapin:
There's seven key steps
to consciously creating
the life that you want.
The first one is to recognize
how powerful that you are.
When you realize
that when you choose
to vibrate more high
frequencies,
you actually change the ratio of
experience you have in your life
from positive experiences
to more
than less negative experiences.
You shift the more --
the quality of your life into
a more positive framework.
When you realize that
you have that power
to change your experience,
you're no longer a victim.
That you are the vessel
for changing your life.
That's a really important
first step.
The second step is being aware
of your negative energy habits.
You know, so often
we are not cognizant
of the things that we do.
But some of the negative
energy habits included things
like complaining all the time.
Assuming everything is going
to happen for the worst.
Putting ourselves down.
Not thinking kindly
about ourselves.
Blaming others.
Being angry.
Assuming that the world
is out to get you.
When you are -- and I recommend
that people actually set
their cell phones once an hour
and click on and see
what you're thinking
when that alarm goes off and
you're going to be surprised
at how much of this
negative self talk
or negative perspective
of the world.
So when you begin to
recognize your energy habits
and you see them as a pattern,
you have the ability to change.
So the next step,
the third step,
is to raise your
personal frequency.
So, you know, when you have
this power as we obvious do
to manifest -- when your raise
your personal frequency --
and by the way water
is a great way
to raise your personal
frequency.
Showers, pools, the ocean.
>> Lilou Mace: Baths.
>> Jackie Lapin:
Baths, absolutely.
When you raise your personal
frequency you have a choice.
You can say, okay, you know, I
can just kind of go about my day
and live with what's
coming at me.
Or you can say, oh, you
know, I can think differently
about this, or I can
change my perspective.
Now, and it's really important
that you're not just
changing your thoughts
but you're changing
your emotions as well.
Because our emotions
are the express mail
to the cosmic post office.
>> Lilou Mace: A happy face
with not really all the emotions
behind it doesn't do much,
does it?
>> Jackie Lapin: It doesn't.
It doesn't.
And we'll talk about how
that limits your
ability as a manifester.
But so when you really
understand
that you can change it there
is a real influence you have
over your life.
And you know, I know now that if
I come into my office with a day
that I am feeling
miserable and unhappy,
then I guarantee that's the
day that my computer goes out.
And there's no accident because
our energy effects everything
around us.
And when I relax and take
a breath things loosen up
and begin to flow again.
So, you know, there
are two experiences,
one where you actually have
all those negative energy
experiences, and the second
where you're just
having a bad day.
Maybe you're not a
negative conscious creator,
you're just having a bad day.
And you know, the dog is having
a problem, your boss, you know,
screams at you, or
something goes out of control.
And then it starts to spiral.
You know how it gets worse and
worse and worse all day long.
It's because you're
letting your energy spiral.
And I know that if I
don't stop it then,
then my next day is not
going to be any fun.
>> Lilou Mace: That's part
of being conscious, right?
Realizing that we're
not right now --
this is not happening to us.
We're creating that.
You have to stop.
>> Jackie Lapin: Exactly.
Exactly. Being aware
that it's us
that is not totally influencing
us but it's a major factor.
So as you saw all
these beautiful roses,
one of the things I will do is
I will come out into this yard
to all these 300 roses and I
will smell the roses, literally,
or I will cut them and
bring them into my home.
But there are so many things
that is other people can do
to shift their energy instantly.
They can go out into nature.
They can exercise.
They can play with their
dogs or their kids.
They can listen to
music or play music.
They can meditate.
They can get into a state
where they remember a beautiful
place where they've been.
Anything that brings you peace
and joy will shift your
energy instantaneously.
And you really want to
take advantage of that.
So be cognizant that you can
raise your personal frequency
and choose to do that.
And one of the things
-- there's a book --
there's a chapter in my book,
Practical Conscious Creation,
that talks about
changing your perspective.
So you experience something
that you would normally
think is negative
but you can shift how
you view that experience.
And you know, here I have 20
individual little questions you
can ask.
Such as -- to refrain
the experience.
Such as what have I -- what can
I learn from this experience
that will make it
better the next time?
What can I learn
from this experience
that I can serve others?
What can -- what is the
universe trying to tell me?
There's another also -- this is
70 individual little articles
and one of them is called
it's a universal redirect.
Things aren't necessarily bad.
We assign that value to it.
It's the universe giving
you a sign that you need
to go a different direction.
So it's not a problem.
It's not a headache.
It's not an obstacle, it's
a universal redistrict.
>> Lilou Mace: And even a
challenge is actually could be a
good news.
>> Jackie Lapin: Exactly.
You just have to look
at it differently.
So all of those things will
raise your personal frequency.
So that's step number three.
Step number four is
what you talked about.
Clarity. Getting very very clear
on what it is that you want
to manifest in your life.
Now, here's where things
get really interesting.
Many people who saw the secret
which had wonderful value
but they went out and
they tried to manifest.
And things didn't come to them
the way that they had wanted.
And one of the reasons is is
because here they are having
a high frequency desire
but they're at the
same time giving
out low frequency
energy to the universe.
They're worried it's
not going to happen.
They're choking it off with
their anxiety and their worry.
They are convinced nothing
good happens to them.
Or they're not worthy.
All of that negative
energy going
out into the world is counter
acting the positive high energy
image that you want
to experience.
So in order for you
to actually be able
to be a manifester you have
to raise your personal frequency
beyond a high frequency,
and do your manifesting
at the same time.
And that's when fast
things begin to happen.
So the universe has to get
really clear on what it is
that you want, and sense
your positive energy
at the same time.
>> Lilou Mace: But is there
-- is there sometimes --
could there be sometimes a
challenge of like we're trying
to manifest somethings
that might not be the
best for ourselves?
>> Jackie Lapin: Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
And sometimes people try
to manifest too much
at the same time.
You know, you want the
lottery ticket, you know.
>> Lilou Mace: Yeah.
>> Jackie Lapin: When in
fact you're better off
to say I need 5000
dollars to achieve this.
Or I need to be better at this.
Or I need a coach or a mentor.
And one of the things that
we talk about manifesting,
it's not about the big ticket
items, it's not about the house
and the car and all
those things.
It's really about
quality of life.
So it may be somebody
to help you.
It might be a mentor.
It might be somebody to
help you with your kids.
It might be your kids
picking up their trash.
It's anything that's going
to improve the quality
of your life, more
time with your family,
more time to be inside
of yourself.
So you can manifest for all of
those things and it doesn't have
to be the big ticket items.
So you know, so you want to be
clear about what it is you want.
And you want to choose
carefully.
Now, I'm not going
to discourage people
from dreaming about
the big stuff.
I mean, that really is
one of the blessings
of sometimes the universe
will produce the miracles.
That's a fabulous part of it.
But sometimes starting
slowly also enables you
to build confidence.
And the more you
see things manifest,
the more you think
I'm a manifester.
I can do this.
So --
>> Lilou Mace: Tell us more
about the clarity
that we need gain.
Is that really a matter of
having exactly a number in mind
or specific goal or is it
more as you said something
in the quality of it and
the experience of it.
Because it seems as we
progressing and applying the law
of attraction it's a bit
shifting towards that.
Like I would love to attract a
peaceful day and things working
out effortlessly and
abundance to show up and life
to surprise me, kind
of declarations.
>> Jackie Lapin: Absolutely.
And you know, one
of the components
of that is the fifth
step we're going to talk
about which is experiencing as
if it was actually happening.
So you want to create a mind
movie of your life as --
when this manifests for you.
So you want to put
yourself in that space
so that your actually there.
And when you are
experiencing it you want
to feel it, taste it, sense it.
And most important
because we talked
about our emotions being the
silver bullet most importantly
you have to feel what it is
that you would be feeling.
You want to feel love.
You want to feel joy.
You want to feel excitement.
You want to feel abundance.
You want to feel healthy.
All of these things.
So and what is it that
you would experience
to feel when your doing that.
And one of the things
that we talk
about in the book is
frequency matching.
You want to match the frequency
that you want to experience.
So if you want to experience
love you must be love.
If you want to experience joy
you want to feel joyful even
if maybe your life
isn't perfect.
And if you want to feel abundant
feel and sense and spend
as if you were abundant.
Not over spend but be generous.
Give to the people in your
neighbor who are in need.
Do something that makes you
feel like you are -- you are --
you have the gift of
abundance that you can share.
So you want to be on that -- be
aware that what the frequency
that you're trying to
manifest is the one
that you're trying
to bring back.
So get yourself into
that emotional place
so that you can experience it.
>> Lilou Mace: And how about
if there is a gap like somebody
that wants to experience
abundance, they're giving,
but they might feel, oh, my
God, but I have less for myself.
And this is really
like something
that needs maybe to
be healed, right?
There's a healing process
in all of this, I guess.
>> Jackie Lapin: You bet.
There's very much a
healing process in this.
And you need to look
at the limiting beliefs
that are making you feel
that you're unworthy
or that money is not --
not something --
it's tainted somehow.
Or that you -- it
goes to other people.
It doesn't flow to you.
Because you know, certainly
there are many people
who are suffering today because
of job losses and all of that.
But it's not -- it's
not what's in your past
because today is a new day.
And you can become an effective
and beautiful manifester right
from today by letting go
of what was in that past.
You don't have to be the same
person that you were a week ago,
today, as you begin to raise
your frequency and realize
that you are deserving.
That you are not
only abundant --
and we can talk about the
money tree in a little bit.
But that you are divine.
And as a divine being you
have the ability to create
in so many ways and
to be in flow.
I open my day every day with a
beautiful little ritual of being
in flow with the
universe, in flow with love.
And make sure that I'm connected
in so that I always remember
that what I am here to do
is to be a servant of God
on this planet and
to be a messenger.
And to remember that that is
how I must live in my day.
And so that's part of what
allows me to be an effective
and fast manifester because
I know that I'm connected
and it's not just
me, that I have help.
That it's not just
laws, it is a force.
A power that is gracious
and graceful.
And so I am so deeply grateful
for my understanding of this
and my ability to share it.
So -- so let's talk
about the fifth step now
that we've got that one.
Actually it's the
sixth step, sorry.
The sixth step is called
becoming an actionary.
This is very important because
you can't just imagine things
and be a couch potato.
You have to actually get off
that couch and go do something.
Most people think that the
universe is out to get them.
But the truth is the universe
is actually conspiring
in your behalf.
And the minute that
you actually start
to take action you will discover
that the universe
will support you.
So I have a one little analogy
in the book that's really fun
in the chapter that we talk
about called commitment.
When you make a commitment
imagine this,
there's this little Indiana
Jones guy who's racing,
you know, to beat the bad guys
that are right behind them
and he comes to this giant chasm
and there's no bridge
over the chasm.
And he says, what do I do?
And there's a little
Yoda creature standing
by who says, take
the first step.
And he takes that
first step and low
and behold the bridge appears.
And then the next
footstep on the bridge
and then the next
step on the bridge
until he's all the way across.
And that's how the
universe works.
If you take that first step
in faith then the next
step will be appear.
You will be guided.
You will -- somebody will
show up in your life.
Some opportunity
will present itself.
You'll suddenly get clarity
about where you're headed
and what you want to do.
It's really stunningly
amazing that when you start
to take action the
universe aligns all
that you need in front of you.
Now, it may not be going where
you think it's going to go.
Because sometimes like you said
we don't always have our best
interest at heart.
But the universe does know
what our best interest are.
And it will guide you in a way
that is in your highest good.
And so the biggest issue
then is being flexible.
And not being inflexible
and saying
but that's not what I wanted.
That's not how I imagined it.
It's not what I chose
to manifest.
Listen. Be grateful
and adaptable.
Oh, okay. Well, then the
universe must be telling me
that there's something
I need to know here.
And then follow that path.
And you will be guided
in a positive direction.
So that's step number six.
And the last is to begin
to adapt practical
conscious creation
which is basically raising
your personal frequency
into everything that
you do day by day.
You want to learn how to
anchor the law of attraction
and conscious creation
principles that we're talking
about into your daily life
so that you can become a better
faster manifester day by day.
You know, there's lots of
books and concepts out there
on the big idea of manifesting.
But the real important value
of this is incorporating
this into your daily life.
So that it becomes
a way of life.
So that we all then --
it becomes natural,
second nature to you.
And that's really the objective.
>> Lilou Mace: So
what is really --
how about if we really not
seeing it happening and we keep
on obsessing on the fact
that it's not happening.
What do you recommend
in those moments?
>> Jackie Lapin: Well, if you're
obsessing you're choking off
the energy.
So what you really have to do is
let go and relax and have faith
and things will manifest
in your good.
One of the things that
I learned, you know,
I have a PR agency that
specializes in mind body spirit
and for many years when I was
doing more main stream PR I was
very worried about where
the money was going to come
because I had a big staff and
it made me anxious and worried
and I was always up late
at night trying to figure
out where this money
was going to come from.
Well, when I began to
walk this path I realized
that the universe
takes care of me.
And I relaxed and I let go and
you know what that money shows
up every month and takes care
of me and the people around me.
It is just amazing and I
don't worry about it any more.
My life certainly is not
ideal, it's not perfect.
But I'm taken care of and I know
that that is going to happen.
So the more you relax, the
more you allow the universe
to take care of you,
the more you surrender
and become adaptable, the
more things manifest for you.
>> Lilou Mace: I was thinking of
the relationships, for example,
when we have relationships with
others and we see letting go
of control is something
that you speak also of.
And we have a certain
way of seeing things
and things might
not be manifested
or happening the
way we envision it.
What is your recommendation
about that when we're stuck
in a thought and we're
not seeing it manifest.
You know, sometimes we feel
powerless in situations
with others in relationships,
personal relationship,
work relationship, romantic.
>> Jackie Lapin: Well, you
know, there's only one person
that you can control
in a relationship
and that's yourself.
And if you are focussing on all
of the things that are wrong
in the relationship, that's what
you're going to create more of.
What we focus on is
what we manifest.
So what you really
really want to do is focus
on raising your own
personal frequency.
And there's an article in
here called staying positive
with a negative energy spouse.
And it's really an important
lesson because what happens --
three things happen when
you get into relationships.
And you start raising
your frequency.
One is that the other
person may look at you
and say, what happened?
Wow. I want what she's having.
Remember when Harry met Sally,
I want what she's having.
So they begin to follow you.
Another thing is as you raise
your personal frequency there is
a tuning fork phenomenon
that happens.
They may begin to
raise their frequency.
And one of the things
that fosters that is
if you're changing
how you relate to them
because you're no longer getting
into that hot button state
you're letting them be
who they are.
You're loving them despite
how they're behaving.
You're accepting whatever it is
that they are choosing to put
out into the world and
not taking it personally.
When you start changing
they have to start changing
because you're not giving them
the same dynamics to work with.
And then the third
thing that happens,
and this is sometimes very sad
we have to let go of people
that don't come along
on our pathway.
That are not raising
their frequency
and are not supporting us.
And sometimes it happens in a
marriage, sometimes it happens
with family, and it's
very sad but it's
in our best interest not to
be held back by relationships
that are not healthy for us.
We need to let go.
And it doesn't mean that
you have to cut it off.
But it might just mean that you
just don't spend a lot of time
with that person any more or
your start finding other people.
And one of the things that
is happened is when I started
on this path I realized
that I did not have a lot
of other friends who believed in
all of this really powerful law
of attraction, mind,
body, spirit.
And so I asked the universe
to grant me more friends
that were like this.
And man they just started
showing up one after another
and my life is populated by
wonderful supportive people.
Another thing that I wanted in
my PR business, I wanted kind
and loving and supportive
clients.
And I've weeded out
all of the other ones
and that's all I have left.
So it's really --
you have the power
to change those relationships
or shape the degree
of relationships around you
that you want to engage with.
>> Lilou Mace: So give really
yourself the chance to best --
to live the best life that you
can because sometimes we --
we don't even go to that --
I mean it's brilliant
what you did just wanting
to live extraordinary
relationships and have that --
but sometimes we don't even see
that we could actually
have that.
You know, we're --
>> Jackie Lapin: We
can have what we intend
and that's really what it is.
We have -- can have --
but we have to let go of what's
not healthy for us first.
And recognize that banging
our heads against the wall
in an unhealthy relationship is
not going to allow us to grow.
We have to be in this
place of expansion.
Trust and expansion.
And if we are clinging to
the old, if we're clinging
to negative thinking,
negative perspectives,
negative relationships,
then we can't expand.
You have to let all of that go
in order to go into the future.
Free, open, infinite
possibilities
and which there are.
>> Lilou Mace: Can
you tell us about some
of the universal principles?
I know you get to
speak about them
and love yourself love yourself
love yourself is one of them.
But it's essential isn't it.
Can you tell us --
can you remind us
of those universal
principles that comes
to your mind right now.
I know there's 25 of them but,
you know, you might have some
that pop there and that are
maybe more present for you.
>> Jackie Lapin: Well, one of
them is all about what we speak.
Because what we speak
is what we manifest.
And so the words that we put --
we have to be very
careful about what we say.
If we say well, I'm not
really good at that.
Or I -- or to somebody
else if you speak partially
to somebody else those words
have a way to come back at us.
If you are unkind to
somebody you're, one,
never going to get what
you want from them.
However, if you speak to
somebody as if you respect them
or you think that they
will live up to --
maybe they haven't in the
past but they will live
up to these wonderful
expectations --
well, I don't want
to say expectations.
They will live up to their
own infinite possibilities,
they're going to
give you a lot more.
They're going to support you.
They may actually live up
to what your opportunity --
giving them the opportunity
to do.
But if you denigrate
somebody, if you are unkind
to them then clearly
they are not going
to show you their best side.
And you're interacting
with them in a way
that is not life enhancing.
I mean, we each have a choice.
The choices that we have in life
are are they life destructive
or are they life enhancing.
And each choice that we make
if you ask yourself is this life
enhancing, is this expansive?
That will tell you
which way to go.
And then feel it.
Feel it in your body.
If you feel contraction that's
not somewhere you want to go.
You know, we talked --
we started to talk a
little bit about money.
One of the reasons
that people continue
to perpetuate their financial
problems is the more you focus
on struggle the more
struggle you will experience.
The universe will
create opportunities
for you to feel struggle.
The best thing that you can
do is focus on your abundance.
And feel abundant.
And so I have this wonderful
little guided meditation.
It's actually a video
on my web site.
It's called the money tree.
And if you just imagine for
a moment you can do this
with your eyes closed or
eyes open whatever you like.
You just imagine that you
have swallowed a little seed
and that seed imbeds itself
in your tummy and then all
of a sudden it simply
begins to grow a trunk.
And from that trunk
grows branchs.
And then low and behold everyone
of those branchs has
beautiful green leaves.
And each of those green leaves
is a thousand dollar bill.
Now you pluck one of those
thousand dollar bills
and you go spend it.
And, oh, my gosh, the next one
grows right back in its place.
And you go and you spend the
next one and there it is again.
Now, all you have to realize
that you are an ever
abundant money tree.
All you do is need to nurture
it, support it, and love it,
and the universe will also
nurture, support, and love it.
And you will be an ever
abundant money tree.
And I actually have
a little imagine
on my web site that
you can go get.
You want to put a picture of the
money tree on your picture --
on your mirror or by your
bed or on your vision board.
You can get your own little
money tree and put it there
to remind you that you're
an ever abundant money tree
and can produce oodles of
money if you are frequently --
believing in your own power
of your own frequency.
>> Lilou Mace: You said a
couple of times spend it
and then you will see that it
comes back or is it really --
is it a must part
to actually spend
that money those
thousand dollars
and witnessing it coming back.
Is it really -- I mean do we --
because a lot of
teachers on the secret
and you're also saying
this we need to spend.
Is it really a matter
of spending?
>> Jackie Lapin: You know
spending isn't necessarily
just money.
It's from -- it's your heart.
So people say to me
well I'm really mired
and had my life is terrible,
et cetera, what can I do
to get out of this place.
And the first thing I tell
them is go help somebody else.
Because when you are giving
to others, first it gets you
out of your bad head space.
Second you feel their
gratitude coming back.
And it makes you feel
better about yourself.
And it creates a spiral upward
instead of a spiral downward.
So it's really vital for you
to give in all kinds of ways.
It could be your time.
It might be money.
But more importantly it's
whatever you can give
from your heart.
Caring, loving, support.
When you are unaware and
unconscious then in fact cause
and effect is very real for you.
You may not be aware when all
of a sudden you get slammed
and you think why did
this happen to me?
Well, you really have to
look back at what you did.
And it might be something
in a past life,
but very more often
it is something
that we did in our own lives.
However, when you
become conscious
and when you realize -- and
this happened for me, you know,
at one point in my early career
I realized that when I started
down a path that was not
necessarily an honorable one I
paid the price.
Something would happen.
Yet when I stayed on a pathway
that was in keeping with right
and honest -- honesty
and integrity I was
always taken care of.
And I think that was
my first awakening.
That there was a divine
presence in my life.
And it's very -- you become
-- you can train yourself.
Because you realize okay, I'm
starting to step off the path.
I don't want to go there.
I don't want to experience
the consequences
of that, the cause and effect.
I would choose to -- I want to
be taken care of so I'm going
to stay on this path instead.
So cause and effect
is in effect.
But you can use it
to your benefit.
And know that obviously
good deeds are rewarded.
But you don't want to do
them for that purpose.
You want to do them
because that is who you are.
You are a citizen of the world.
A citizen of the oneness.
The universe responds to
your most recent action.
So it wipes out all
the stuff in the past
if you make the next
positive step.
And one of my favorite
sayings is if you --
something comes out of your
mouth that you don't want
to manifest and you think, oh
my God, why did I say that?
The universe will hear that.
You can simply say
cancel, cancel.
And then restate it in
a positive framework
in what you really
do want to happen.
And the universe will hear that.
So it's what you've done most
recently that will matter.
>> Lilou Mace: In regarding
the unconditional aspects is
that something that you
have witnessed that works?
>> Jackie Lapin: Well,
certainly when we are in an un--
when we are in a state of
unconditional love that's
when we will attract
unconditional love.
When we are conditional in our
love and in our relationships
and in a state of
judgment you will find
that you will be judged.
You will experience
the same in exchange.
I used to have a women
that worked with me --
a lovely women but
she had one fatal flaw
in that she always
thought she was right
and would never admit
to, you know,
any errors that she
might have made.
And when I confronted her
about this it was never
a happy situation.
But when I learned to speak to
her differently and I would say,
oh, look what we did,
we made this error.
It was we, not her.
It was we.
You know and since, you know,
let's just take care of this
and make sure we
don't do it next time,
there was never an issue.
She took care of it.
The problem was solved.
We laughed about it.
We had fun.
We moved on.
And it was all in my respect
for her as a human being
and her understanding that
she wasn't deliberately trying
to do something wrong.
But she needed a little guidance
and support and I could do
that in a kinder way with
love attached to it as opposed
to judgment attached to it
and things began to change.
And our relationship got
a million times better.
>> Lilou Mace: Beautiful
example.
Is there some other things
that you would like to share
with us today as part
of this interview
on really becoming conscious
creators in our life?
>> Jackie Lapin:
Well, I think that one
of the most important things is
that we recognize
our own divinity.
And be aware that we
are beings of love.
And that we need be
softer to ourselves,
forgive ourselves more,
recognize that it's okay
to have fun in life,
that we are --
that there's more to life then
all the busyness, that we have
to take time to be
instead of just do.
I'm guilty of that.
I will admit.
We all have to have recharge.
If we're running on empty
we can't allow the energy
to fill us back up.
So we need to give ourselves
the ability to recharge
that positive beautiful
energy that sustains us.
>> Lilou Mace: Clarify something
here because of the expectation
versus -- versus
setting the intention
and really being
clear and all of that.
>> Jackie Lapin: Expectation is
saying you know, I, you know,
I'm going -- I'm going to make
a million dollars this year.
And you don't.
Or this person is
going to give me this.
And they don't.
If you go in with a preconceived
notion of what is going
to happen, then you could
very well be disappointed.
So what you want to do is
go in with the attitude
of whatever happens
is going to be fine.
It's going to be wonderful.
It's going to be great.
And maybe if it's a little
challenging I'll figure
out I have the divine gift.
I have guidance.
It will take me in
the right direction.
So we'll figure it out.
Just go with the knowledge
that everything will work out.
That's another key phrase.
Here's some really
important key phrase.
All is well.
Everything will work
out for the best.
And when you do.
When you make that assumption.
When your work from that place
in your life everything
will work out for the best.
>> Lilou Mace: And
gratitude paves the way.
>> Jackie Lapin: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
When you are in a state
of gratitude you will have
more to be grateful for.
That's one of the most
basic simple universal laws.
It comes to you.
It's easy.
Gratitude is the grease, you
know, that oils the universe.
And it makes everything easier.
One of the things that I
tell people is when you are
in a state of contraction
go to the beach,
go get in a pool,
go take a shower.
Any of those things will help
you get the energy flowing.
I mean I get my best ideas
in the shower all the time.
And I go --
>> Lilou Mace: Because
you're a mermaid.
>> Jackie Lapin: Yes.
That's right.
We are all -- energy in
water is very positive.
>> Lilou Mace: Yes.
>> Jackie Lapin: And so
that helps reenforce
our positive energy.
>> Lilou Mace: Beautiful.
This was very much a
delicious interview.
Thank you so much, Jackie.
>> Jackie Lapin: Lilou, thank
you so much, this was great fun.
Thank you for really
enjoying my garden with me
and for allowing me to share.
>> Lilou Mace: And the roses.
>> Jackie Lapin: Oh, yes.
>> Lilou Mace: The
love of your life.
>> Jackie Lapin: We'll
bring a few for you.
>> Lilou Mace: Thank you.
Much much love.
My delicious creators this was
another beautiful interview
for GTV.
Bye bye.